and many had asked me which
they were my favorite songs of
video games so in this video
they will know
i
or what transa mais I had not seen them and
I thought I had lost the lever
my guitar but it was not after
almost two months of not knowing anything about said
palanquita finally appeared
very bad imitation of cell but good
but let's start with the theme of this
Friday and again it went on Saturday and it's
Many had asked me on twitter
what were my favorite songs
of video games and it was difficult to choose a
'top ten' because the truth is that they are
more than 10 songs that I liked
around all my life being a
gamer but I remind you one thing is a
very personal top do not take it so
serious and if the net does not seem to do
his everything caught and already and in the post
number 10 we have to cons of nintendo
with the song of the first stage in
the jungle let's hear some
this great song
in position number 9 we have batman
of nintendo with the song of the first
level or song that is best known in
the original soundtrack as streets of
the soul in general all this game
has a soundtrack parent enough
fast father who breaks mothers but
let's go listen to some of this great
piece
at number 8 we have cocktails
for nintendo or better known here in
mexico like duck adventures despite
be a game that was not so difficult
It also has an excellent soundtrack
but this song in specific
it really moves me
Y
in position number 7 we have upyd
for nintendo and another game of nintendo
with the last level song called
shawn jay or zone j as I want to say
are these songs that really you
they make you feel at the last level and that is
it really makes you feel the level is
a kind of factory and really the
song transports you like this guy
of stage let's listen
or
in position number 6 we have a final
fantasy 7 with the song of the first
level there is no strange fixation
for the first levels bombing frame
reactor and talk about the end soundtrack
fantasy 7 is talking about big words
so let's listen
Y
the number 5 job I'm giving it to
the song of megaman 2 doctor willy
stage one or the first stage of the
doctor's strength will I know that
many believed that he was going to put this
first song
and at number 4 we have another
megaman song but this time it's a
song of a most recent mega man of
mega man 10 that came out in 2010
and again it is one of the songs of
the doctor will and so
do not continue to listen to the number 4 post
and for this third place we have a
Arcadia game that fascinated me
you already know what the girl is going to
this song that I am going to mention
it quickly became one of my
favorite so much so I've come to
listen to the easy diary about ten times
good come ok ok ok maybe a little more
the truth is that it is quite incredible
since it has the rhythm of the beige truman
which makes this song be
pretty turned on and in turn difficult
and at number 2 we have a
super nintendo game song
yoshi's island or super mario world 2
as many know it and the song that
I chose from this game is the song of
final boss is going to be or baby is going to be
a worthy song quite worthy of a
final boss let's hear him
all right
this number one position is going to take
one of the most incredible games that
never played super mario bros
super mario bros in the legend of being
needy and one of the songs that
I'm going to put this game again
have to see when you are fighting
against one of the bosses or bosses
difficult, let's listen to the post
number one and put together this top was pretty
difficult for me because being alone
ten songs I had to leave out
enough games this has been all for
the video this week already know that if
they liked you can subscribe in the
button here to give you thumb
up share this video and put it on
favorites watching the clock I have to
be with you at two o'clock in
Fine arts here in mexico district
federal do not forget that you will be lidio
will also be with me so that all
we can live together and be very happy max
this has been all for the blog of this
week
This is very young mais and I'm leaving
because if it did not reach them
there I see them in fine arts at 1222